Documentation for default Elasticsearch VDB (#472)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag: docs/deploy-helm-from-repo.md

   :::

> 6. Follow the remaining instructions in [Deploy on Kubernetes with Helm](./deploy-helm.md) (including verification examples that reflect the default **Elasticsearch** vector database; optional **Milvus** adds different pods and services—see [Vector database configuration](change-vectordb.md)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Follow the remaining instructions in [Deploy on Kubernetes with Helm](../deploy-helm.md) (including verification examples that reflect the default Elasticsearch vector database; optional Milvus adds different pods and services—refer to [Vector database configuration](change-vectordb.md)) for more information.
```
